fix: [CHAOS-2639]: Added release notes documentation for 1.21.x (#3674)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/chaos-engineering.md

<details>
<summary>2023 releases</summary>

#### October 5, 2023, Version 1.20.1

##### What's new

* Added support for targeting specific ports when using API Chaos Faults via a new tunable, for example, `DESTINATION_PORTS`. (CHAOS-2475)

* Added support for HTTPs protocol in API Chaos Faults. (CHAOS-2145)

##### Early access

* Chaos Guard: This feature is currently behind a feature flag named `CHAOS_SECURITY_GOVERNANCE`.
    - Added support for evaluation of mulitple app labels when running experiments with multiple target app labels. (CHAOS-2315)

* Linux Chaos Faults: This feature is currently behind a feature flag named `CHAOS_LINUX_ENABLED`.

>     - In Linux experiments, the Resilience Score was sometimes showing as 0, although only one probe had failed. This was happening because of incorrect propagation of the probe error, which led to its misinterpretation as an experimental error rather than a probe failure. This issues has been fixed now. (CHAOS-2472)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In Linux experiments, the Resilience Score was sometimes showing as 0, although only one probe amongst multiple had failed. This was happening because of incorrect propagation of the probe error, which led to its misinterpretation as an experiment error rather than a probe failure. This issue has been fixed now. (CHAOS-2472)
```

Author: Thanks for pointing these...Resolved!

> * Resilience Probes: This feature is currently behind a feature flag named `CHAOS_PROBES_ENABLED`.

Reviewer: Can we move this to fixed issue?

Author: Since this feature is behind FF, It will have to be under Early Access.
